DataGrid: clarify returnDataField & calculateCellValue (#7280)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/GridBase/3 Methods/getCombinedFilter(returnDataField).md

---
Use this method to get the total filter that combines filters applied using [filtering UI elements](/concepts/05%20UI%20Components/DataGrid/30%20Filtering%20and%20Searching '/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/{WidgetName}/Filtering_and_Searching/') and the [filter(filterExpr)](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/GridBase/3%20Methods/filter(filterExpr).md '{basewidgetpath}/Methods/#filterfilterExpr') method. **getCombinedFilter(returnDataField)** can return a filter expression that uses data fields instead of getters if you pass `true` to the **returnDataField** parameter. If you implement getters like **columns[]**.[calculateCellValue](/api-reference/_hidden/GridBaseColumn/calculateCellValue.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#calculateCellValue') in your DataGrid, set **returnDataField** to `false` or utilize the [getCombinedFilter()](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/GridBase/3%20Methods/getCombinedFilter().md '{basewidgetpath}/Methods/#getCombinedFilter') method.

> To learn how to obtain all filtered and sorted rows of a DataGrid component with **getCombinedFilter(returnDataField)**, refer to the following example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details on how to obtain all filtered and sorted rows of a DataGrid component with **getCombinedFilter(returnDataField)**, refer to the following example:
```

#include btn-open-github with {
    href: "https://github.com/DevExpress-Examples/devextreme-datagrid-get-all-filtered-data"
}

> To learn how to filter a Chart component's series based on a DataGrid component's filters with **getCombinedFilter(returnDataField)**, refer to the following example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details on how to filter a Chart component's series based on a DataGrid component's filters with **getCombinedFilter(returnDataField)**, refer to the following example:
```
